# Bitcoin-Project
Our aim is to create a model which would show the relation between social signals and Bitcoin price, namely through news and other major statements put out by influential companies/ individuals. 
This feature, will help people who are not from a from a finance background to understand the growing popularity of Bitcoin, which in turn will drive the prices up. 
One of the challenges we would face is to train the model in such a way that it will identify the correct sentiment (fear/neutral/greed) and assign an accurate price.

In this project, we want to capitalize on this sudden increase in bitcoin value by creating a bitcoin price prediction system. This would be achieved by identifying the sentiments behind a line of text (i.e. News headlines) and based on the polarity give a predicted price based on the recent trends.

So in our project we have 2 models,1. Sentimental Analysis model 2, Bitcoin price prediction model. In the first model (i.e. Sentimental analysis model) We have a news dataset which consist of news headline and the sentiment trend of the market of each day.  We split this dataset in to 80:20 ratio into training and testing data respectively. The training data is fetched into the algorithm which trains the model and updates the weights. Simultaneously the testing data is evaluated for every epoch using the algorithm. This cycle goes on until the loss is minimised till the desired threshold. The new weights are assigned to the LSTM model . A production data is used to test the model, here the production data is news headline  to check if the model is classifying the news into the correct sentiment. This news sentiment is passed on to the second model which is almost the same . The main difference is that bitcoin price dataset is also passed through the LSTM model along with production data (Lags and sentiments) of price prediction model which gives an output i.e bitcoin predicted price for the sentiment of the news headlines.
